neg1 neg1 neg
neg2 neg2 neg
neg3 neg3 neg
neg4 neg4 neg
old_neg_kidney_1 old_neg_kidney_1 old_neg_kidney
old_neg_kidney_2 old_neg_kidney_2 old_neg_kidney
old_neg_kidney_3 old_neg_kidney_3 old_neg_kidney
old_neg_liver_1 old_neg_liver_1 old_neg_liver
old_neg_liver_2 old_neg_liver_2 old_neg_liver
old_neg_liver_3 old_neg_liver_3 old_neg_liver
old_neg_muscle_1 old_neg_muscle_1 old_neg_muscle
old_neg_muscle_2 old_neg_muscle_2 old_neg_muscle
old_neg_muscle_3 old_neg_muscle_3 old_neg_muscle
old_neg_spleen_1 old_neg_spleen_1 old_neg_spleen
old_neg_spleen_2 old_neg_spleen_2 old_neg_spleen
old_neg_spleen_3 old_neg_spleen_3 old_neg_spleen
old_pos_kidney_1 old_pos_kidney_1 old_pos_kidney
old_pos_kidney_2 old_pos_kidney_2 old_pos_kidney
old_pos_kidney_3 old_pos_kidney_3 old_pos_kidney
old_pos_liver_1 old_pos_liver_1 old_pos_liver
old_pos_liver_2 old_pos_liver_2 old_pos_liver
old_pos_liver_3 old_pos_liver_3 old_pos_liver
old_pos_muscle_1 old_pos_muscle_1 old_pos_muscle
old_pos_muscle_2 old_pos_muscle_2 old_pos_muscle
old_pos_muscle_3 old_pos_muscle_3 old_pos_muscle
old_pos_spleen_1 old_pos_spleen_1 old_pos_spleen
old_pos_spleen_2 old_pos_spleen_2 old_pos_spleen
old_pos_spleen_3 old_pos_spleen_3 old_pos_spleen
pos1 pos1 pos
pos2 pos2 pos
pos3 pos3 pos
pos4 pos4 pos
young_neg_kidney_1 young_neg_kidney_1 young_neg_kidney
young_neg_kidney_2 young_neg_kidney_2 young_neg_kidney
young_neg_kidney_3 young_neg_kidney_3 young_neg_kidney
young_neg_muscle_1 young_neg_muscle_1 young_neg_muscle
young_neg_muscle_2 young_neg_muscle_2 young_neg_muscle
young_neg_muscle_3 young_neg_muscle_3 young_neg_muscle
young_neg_spleen_1 young_neg_spleen_1 young_neg_spleen
young_neg_spleen_2 young_neg_spleen_2 young_neg_spleen
young_neg_spleen_3 young_neg_spleen_3 young_neg_spleen
young_pos_kidney_1 young_pos_kidney_1 young_pos_kidney
young_pos_kidney_2 young_pos_kidney_2 young_pos_kidney
young_pos_kidney_3 young_pos_kidney_3 young_pos_kidney
young_pos_muscle_1 young_pos_muscle_1 young_pos_muscle
young_pos_muscle_2 young_pos_muscle_2 young_pos_muscle
young_pos_muscle_3 young_pos_muscle_3 young_pos_muscle
young_pos_spleen_1 young_pos_spleen_1 young_pos_spleen
young_pos_spleen_2 young_pos_spleen_2 young_pos_spleen
young_pos_spleen_3 young_pos_spleen_3 young_pos_spleen
